**1. What**
I started writing the project (familylinx) as a result of building a family tree using a well known commercial site. While that site had great resources integrated for research and linking family via DNA it fell short on a lot of basic features someone who really wants to connect to family would be looking for such as storing contact information, providing notifications of birthdays. AIn addition to that I noticed people were having problems linking family who would appear in the family tree more than once without the need for duplicates (i.e. maternal cousin marrying paternal relative, incest relations and so on). My aim with familylinx is to solve these problems, and provide a site where you can do more than research family members,but to connect them with a social site, when they can all research relatives, share photos and benefit from each branch of the family growing their shared tree. A also envision familylinx users having tradition family tree views, as well as a new view where family trees are more of a web of people where connections can take you anywhere like a spider-web. **
**2. Why** 
As I stated above, I am looking to solve the problems and provide an alternative to the traditional family tree building options currently available. Even if the project turns out to be something only me and my family uses this will solve problems I have personaly dealt with in doing the type of work I have. 
**3.How**
If you would like to help with this project I am certainly open to it, I am no developer so I have been learning as I go. I have a vision of what I want this to be and have been working towards bringing that to life. I chose the laravel php framework because php is the language I am most familiar with, and the framework seems to have the best support and community. If you would like to help reach out to me at harrisjohn6 at gmail dot com. I look forward to collaborating with all who are willing to help me bring this to life. If you are a free lancer, it's ok to reach out and we can discuss how you can help. 


If you are looking to help by donating to this project please reach out to me. 
